Sisters, I told you earlier, I'm not
I'm also very confused.
He gave me a fight as soon as he came up
That's called a misunderstanding
You untie it for us untie it
Oops hahaha
Let me explain
Let it go, let it go first
Shut up, not sisters.
Let me go first
Let me explain, okay?
As the saying goes, smells alike
You and he are brothers
Then you finally got there
Now that he's dead, I'll find some accounting for you
The little sister held him down for me
Don't let him do that again
Okay, let me go first
Let's talk before me, okay?
He's out there dating all six of us at the same time
Reading where the two of us know each other
Found the trick
I still don't know.
It's too early to die
Yeah, don't think you can escape if you die
Isn't he the president of some public company?
Well, you give us half of his inheritance
It's like a mental damage fee for the sisters
He dares to pedal on seven boats
Aquaman is also like the president of Innocent Boys compared to him
My brother is not a CEO
He is just an ordinary farmer
He just left this broken house
And a lot of debt
Would you like some?